in accordance with the guidelines set
forth by the Federal Trade Commission of
the United States of America section 515
chapter 1 subchapter B part 2 55.5
rhymes toys show is obligated to inform
you that this video is sponsored by
trans and all products be sure within
for review were sent to crime for free
by the manufacturer full disclosure is
professional yeah we're not jerks
we don't curse so you take subscribe
nation it is I your most magnanimous
host crime the most polarizing and
professional man in YouTube
entertainment today and as promised
crime nation we are back with our second
of two incredibly amazing and
professional reviews brought to you by
jacks Pacific and as you may have
noticed crime nation we had a most
professional return to Grimes toy
snowbirds first show
that's right the head of security and
the second greatest co-host in the
history of this show the Bob of Bob's
that's right it's Bob so rest assured
crime nation there will be no eruptions
there will be no shenanigans in my top
secret location that's right
crime is here crime is safe so let's get
right down to e most professional review
yeah oh so we're on tour so it is the
most profesh you're no one that's crime
once again it is time for the very
important crime to do a very important
review that's right it is yet another 18
inch Star Wars big big big big ho dori
lon
Poe Dameron hey
observe his facial feature look at that
fine
chiseled face much like the hero of
heroes John Cena
once again crime nation we must rely on
he'll mom to remove mr. Poe here from
his package of obfuscation and once
again for a suggested retail price of
only $19.99 you can have your very own
Poe Digimon Doraemon Damron mr. Poe here
comes with one accessory another thing
and conveniently on his right side you
can see here it fits right in this handy
holster always practice blaster safety
kids in Star Wars The Force awakens post
Shyamalan Poe Dameron is a leader of the
resistance and an x-wing pilot I can
only hope that one day he'll be seen as
important as Porkins other features of
this 18 each big fake include this weird
hose thing that goes from his pocket to
his weird chest computer thing and I'm
sure that somewhere for indeed expanded
universe they explain what this weird
hose thing is but guess what Star Wars
fans the expanded universe no longer
matters it is no longer canon
so this hose could be anything yeah we
also have these weird leg strap things
because safety is professional a mr. Poe
flies an x-wing but I think if you wants
to truly defeat the Empire he should fly
AG wing yes there is a G wing go look it
up as you can see here grime nation
there is some strange language on his on
his vest thing and on his helmet and I
want to believe that that says that
grime is the most professional YouTube
bigger reviewer in the known galaxy far
far away
now grime nation there is one other
super important feature on this 18
hey hey hey I told you I told you first
order stormtrooper I told you no playing
with blasters in the house up you'll get
me trouble with he'll mom that is not
professional anyway as you can clearly
see once again Jack specific has knocked
it out of the park with their 18 inch
Star Wars big things go beg your parents
for them this holiday season go get your
tickets for Star Wars on December 18th
go subscribe to the sack specific
YouTube channel and finally a okay Bob
hold on a second and finally thank you
for tuning in once again this year to
ride its great toy reviews telling you
what to go fly you lost your earmuffs
Bob very unfashionable
so from grimes family to yours make sure
you have the happiest of bob so from
Brian's family to yours make sure you
have the happiest of holidays subscribe
to grimes toy show subscribe to Jakks
Pacific and have ace over our holiday
season and never forget that it has been
no